this is WWE superstar Randy Orton and
you are listening to NBC sports radio
you take a lot of bumps and bruises in
the ring first tell me what are some of
the worst injuries you've suffered in
the ring I broke my foot mangled it with
several dislocations and breaks that was
an 03 ruptured a disc two years ago
that's kind of an ongoing thing and I
had two major surgeries on my shoulders
just to kind of start the list but I
don't want it for you so people who sell
its fake these guys aren't athletes what
would you say to somebody like that oh
they pissed me off I I have to stay with
you people say that I'll get in trouble
I have to turn around and just bite my
tongue because you know it's just
ignorance it's entertainment people see
Hollywood movies and think you know no
one's getting touched you know it's it's
fake it's predetermined it's a I get why
they call it fake but man if they were
in there if they just took one bump and
you know that realize it's like a small
car accident with the whiplash and
everything you know you do that for ten
years and it can mess you up but if you
had the other bumps hurt some nights are
better than others but you're always
icing your body and you're always sore
and I'm always doing prehab and rehab
you know it's it's a daily thing what's
a typical work out for you like in the
gym uh well like yesterday I did what
did I do I did back and
glutes and then I changes I I used to
had some problems like with my posterior
chain not you know like I was one of the
guys that were trained the muscles that
I could see in the in the mirror you
know and so I've been working on my
posterior chain and the disc injury I
have the more that I work my glutes and
strengthen my ass it protects that disc
so like I I never did legs properly you
know and I finally got a trainer a
couple years ago and i started doing
like my core and i really really it's
all based around achieving the strongest
core possible both for a strength in for
stabilization and then from there it
strengthens everything else and then
daily I have to do shoulder therapy is I
got loose shoulder capsules then i gotta
i have to artificially strengthen those
capsules basically because they're so
loose I got it to strengthen my rotator
cuff muscles and it keeps them in socket
but if I don't do that that's right
we'll just pop right out the fans see
the glitz and the glam but what they
don't see is the struggle you guys go
through before you make it to the level
you're at now and WWE talk about that
where you're not making much money and
you're going to bad restaurants and in
crappy hotel rooms right ya know for
everybody when therefore most everybody
when they start out you know the rental
cars you're packed for to a car and the
pay you know you might not be on every
show you might be not used on TV
consistently and you know you're barely
making enough money to to work because
you have so many road expenses hotel
rental car food just to name a few you
know you need a good tan and you need a
good no amount of supplements protein
powder amino acids you know whatever the
green cryo greens whatever you're into
all that stuff costs money and you throw
in the gym fees and the tanning fees and
a lot of these guys you know they're
struggling to keep their head afloat
water but you know I guess that's the
thing man if you can prove you're
staying power and you know sign that
next contract you get that money you
want and you start main eventing and
people start paying to see you and only
you then you start getting that money so
it's just like anything else you know
the more of a demand there is for you
the more money you're going to make but
I see a lot of guys they leave this
business with without a cent to their
name you know when it's unfortunate but
it's just it's the name of the game
Randy a great to talk to you thank you
very much you got a man thank you NBC
sports radio